README.md, before:

# A

### Autoprefixer
- [Github](https://github.com/postcss/autoprefixer)
- also see:
  - [PostCSS](#postcss)


# B

### BEM
- [📝 BEM by example](https://seesparkbox.com/foundry/bem_by_example)
- [📝 MindBEMding – getting your head ’round BEM syntax](https://csswizardry.com/2013/01/mindbemding-getting-your-head-round-bem-syntax/)
- [BEM Homepage](http://getbem.com/introduction/)


# E

### Events
- [Event loop explainer](https://github.com/atotic/event-loop/blob/master/README.md)
- [📺 In the Loop](https://youtu.be/cCOL7MC4Pl0)
- [📝 Understanding Event Emitters](https://css-tricks.com/understanding-event-emitters/)


# F

### Flexbox
- [📝 A Complete Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)
- [Flexbox Froggy](https://flexboxfroggy.com/)

### Functional JS
- [📝 Functional Programming with Javascript in 3 Tips](https://medium.com/@alexnault/functional-programming-with-javascript-in-3-tips-f282934947e5)
- [📝 Introduction to Functional JS](https://medium.com/dailyjs/functional-js-1-introduction-7908bfe5ef8d)


# G

### Git
- [📝 A Quick Guide to Git](https://flaviocopes.com/git/)
- [Oh shit, Git](https://ohshitgit.com)
- [Git Commands](https://github.com/bpassos/git-commands)
- [Git Cheatsheet (PDF)](https://education.github.com/git-cheat-sheet-education.pdf)

### Grid
- [📝 A complete Guide to Grid](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/complete-guide-grid/)
- [Grid Garden](https://cssgridgarden.com/)


# J

### Javascript
- [Clean Code Javascript](https://github.com/ryanmcdermott/clean-code-javascript/blob/master/README.md)
- also see:
  - [Functional JS](#functionaljs)


# P

### Performance
- [Web perf 101](https://3perf.com/talks/web-perf-101/)
- [📝 Cache-Control for Civilians](https://csswizardry.com/2019/03/cache-control-for-civilians/)

### PostCSS
- [Homepage](https://postcss.org/)
- also see:
  - [Autoprefixer](#autoprefixer)


# S

### SCSS
- [SASSMeister - The SASS Playground](https://www.sassmeister.com)
- [SASS / SCSS Basics](https://sass-lang.com/guide)

### Service Workers
- [📝 Write your First Service Worker in 5 Minutes](https://davidwalsh.name/write-your-first-service-worker-in-5-minutes)

Commit message:

Added links regarding Lazy Loading

README.md, after:

# A

### Autoprefixer
- [Github](https://github.com/postcss/autoprefixer)
- also see:
  - [PostCSS](#postcss)


# B

### BEM
- [📝 BEM by example](https://seesparkbox.com/foundry/bem_by_example)
- [📝 MindBEMding – getting your head ’round BEM syntax](https://csswizardry.com/2013/01/mindbemding-getting-your-head-round-bem-syntax/)
- [BEM Homepage](http://getbem.com/introduction/)


# E

### Events
- [Event loop explainer](https://github.com/atotic/event-loop/blob/master/README.md)
- [📺 In the Loop](https://youtu.be/cCOL7MC4Pl0)
- [📝 Understanding Event Emitters](https://css-tricks.com/understanding-event-emitters/)


# F

### Flexbox
- [📝 A Complete Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)
- [Flexbox Froggy](https://flexboxfroggy.com/)

### Functional JS
- [📝 Functional Programming with Javascript in 3 Tips](https://medium.com/@alexnault/functional-programming-with-javascript-in-3-tips-f282934947e5)
- [📝 Introduction to Functional JS](https://medium.com/dailyjs/functional-js-1-introduction-7908bfe5ef8d)


# G

### Git
- [📝 A Quick Guide to Git](https://flaviocopes.com/git/)
- [Oh shit, Git](https://ohshitgit.com)
- [Git Commands](https://github.com/bpassos/git-commands)
- [Git Cheatsheet (PDF)](https://education.github.com/git-cheat-sheet-education.pdf)

### Grid
- [📝 A complete Guide to Grid](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/complete-guide-grid/)
- [Grid Garden](https://cssgridgarden.com/)


# J

### Javascript
- [Clean Code Javascript](https://github.com/ryanmcdermott/clean-code-javascript/blob/master/README.md)
- also see:
  - [Functional JS](#functionaljs)


# L

### Lazy Loading
- [📝 Native image lazy-loading for the web!](https://addyosmani.com/blog/lazy-loading/)
- [Lazy loading in IE / Edge](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/ie/dn369270(v=vs.94))


# P

### Performance
- [Web perf 101](https://3perf.com/talks/web-perf-101/)
- [📝 Cache-Control for Civilians](https://csswizardry.com/2019/03/cache-control-for-civilians/)

### PostCSS
- [Homepage](https://postcss.org/)
- also see:
  - [Autoprefixer](#autoprefixer)


# S

### SCSS
- [SASSMeister - The SASS Playground](https://www.sassmeister.com)
- [SASS / SCSS Basics](https://sass-lang.com/guide)

### Service Workers
- [📝 Write your First Service Worker in 5 Minutes](https://davidwalsh.name/write-your-first-service-worker-in-5-minutes)
